partx: add page (#5158)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/partx.md

# partx 

> > Parse a partition table and tell ther kernel about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Parse a partition table and tell the kernel about it.
> More information: <https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man8/partx.8.html>.
```
